it's esmoriz beach in ovar was the stage
of the final phase of the national circuit
beach handball of this time between the days
August 1 and 3 held the 84 matches
where the best teams of the four
handball champions face each other
in the search for the new national champions in
Sunday the 13th and the one day
competition the sun and the flood of
present on the benches to create
an authentic party atmosphere during
the finals
the first disputed final assured the
team the class was the national champion
in the Hulk Junín level against the
formation of the army of ideas
soon after the tigers won
men's award and hulk after
play in the funny play of end of
master masters schumi
academic of leiria were the great
winners leaving the second position
for n8 it is 80
finally the sack of coffee gao rusias
national champions in masses
after finishing the training
anthony morato br gt the index of all
the national beach handball champions
this time and place of delivery
trophies to teams and players who
more stood out counting on the
presence of figures linked to the federation
of portugal and to the municipality of
ovar